[v10] Update Library for new systemd install (#16030)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/management/admin/daemon.mdx

title: Run Teleport as a Daemon
description: Configure Teleport to run as a daemon using systemd
---
On Linux systems in non-containerized environments, we recommend running the `teleport` binary as a daemon using systemd.
Using a daemon helps to ensure that the `teleport` process can remain running and available regardless of a controlling terminal session or parent process, and opens up additional
configuration options that allow for better optimization, uptime, and availability.

> This guide will outline best practices for installing, configuring, and starting teleport as a daemon on a Linux host using systemd as of Teleport `v10.1.14`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will outline best practices for installing, configuring, and starting Teleport `v10.1.14` or later as a daemon on a Linux host using systemd.
```
